you might be over-packing?
SISKO: Don't you think
It'll close.
everything at once. It's not
like you're moving to Bajor.
You don't have to take
1-G-12 is practically
right next door.
I know, but I'm not
moving to 1-G-12.
Huh?
I found some great quarters
over in Section M.
on the other side of the
That's all the way
Habitat Ring.
Dad, don't get all
sentimental on me.
Wait 'till your son
moves out on you.
I don't have a son.
Ha! Hoo-hoo!
Go ahead, Jake. Make jokes.
One day, you'll be
standing where I am
you won't like it any more
and believe me,
than I do.
but right now, I'm standing here
Yeah, maybe,
and I can't wait to spend my
first night in my own place.
I told you it'd close.
See?
Now, wait, wait. Let
me get this straight.
I can visit any time I want
but I have to call first.
You're not available for
breakfast or lunch,
but I can count on
one dinner a week.
Yeah, well, some weeks,
maybe even two.
a very generous son.
Oh. I have raised
You and Nog moving in together.
I can remember when I didn't
even want you
talking to him.
Yeah, well, things change.
They sure do.
( door chimes )
Come in.
Oh, it's you?
Who'd you think it was?
Nog.
His ship hasn't even docked yet.
How could it be Nog?
I guess I wasn't thinking.
What else is new?
Can I help it if I'm excited?
My son is coming home.
Root beer?
His favorite.
I don't know how to
thank you, Brother.
Ten slips of latinum
ought to do it.
Do you think he'd mind if
I had one for myself?
I'd mind.
( sighing )
My own brother drinking
root beer.
It's so... hu-man.
Mmm and bubbly.
( door chimes )
That's him. That's him. Come in.
Wrong again.
ROM: Constable.
Care for a root beer?
No, but you have something
I do want.
Whatever it is, I didn't do it.
Don't tell me.
Tell the Federation Grand Jury
on Inferna Prime.
Brother, what have you done now?
Federation Grand Jury?
I haven't done anything.
to talk to me for?
What do they want
Oh, I think you know.
what this is all about.
Odo, I have no idea
Well, then, you'll have eight
days to try and guess.
We leave immediately.
-ODO: I've been waiting
-"We"?
ten years for you to
get what you deserve.
finally here, I wouldn't miss
Now that the big moment is
it for anything.
Let's go.
-Brother!
-What?
I'll say "Hi" to Nog for you.
Yeah.
So, how much longer 'till
we reach Inferna Prime?
Oh, I'd say 191 hours and 17
minutes give or take a day.
In that case, we better find
something to occupy our time.
Care for a game of fizzbin?
I don't play cards.
It's a very simple game.
I'll teach you.
Let me put it another way.
I don't want to play cards,
and even if I did, I wouldn't
want to play with you.
QUARK: Afraid you'd lose?
( chuckling )
all your problems
You know, Odo,
I used to think
that you were a changeling.
stemmed from the fact
Isolated from your own kind,
forced to live among strangers
who didn't understand you.
you couldn't drink
You couldn't eat,
you couldn't make love.
you couldn't sleep,
you had such a bad disposition?
QUARK: Was it any wonder
But you're not a changeling
anymore. You're one of us.
Life is yours for the taking.
All you have to do is reach out
and grab it.
But do you? No.
Because solid or changeling,
you're still a miserable
self-hating misanthrope.
and that's who you'll always be.
That's who you are,
I'm still not playing
cards with you.
Fine. Then we'll just sit here
for a week in silence.
What are you reading?
Nothing that would interest you.
-QUARK: Don't be so sure.
-Quark, give me that.
What are you going
to do, arrest me?
( groans )
"He walked towards her,
the wooden deck
beneath his booted feet.
"heaving to and fro
to the brooch at her throat.
"Her hands moved
"She unclasped it,
and the cloak fell
"from her shoulders,
"her wet skin glistening
in the moonlight.
and heaven's thunder roared
"Lightning flashed
with the beating
of their hearts."
in rhythm
-Odo, I take it all back.
-All right, enough.
a lot more complicated
You're obviously
than I thought.
If you like that kind of thing,
I might be interested
in selling you
my first edition of
Vulcan Love Slave.
This is work, not recreation.
insight into the criminal mind.
Books like this give me an
It is a well-known fact
that a high percentage
of homicides
are motivated by romantic
obsession.
Well, no one gets killed
in Vulcan Love Slave,
but it's still a hell of a read.
Oh, give it up, Quark.
You can annoy me, bait me,
question my very existence
but in the end, we
both know I've won.
Because when all is said and
done I'll be heading back to
Deep Space 9
and you'll be spending
the rest of your life
in a Federation penal colony.
I'm not there yet.
Mm-hmm.
give me a chance.
Look, Odo,
At least, tell me what
the charges are.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
This is a high-security
investigation.
to discuss the specifics
I'm not allowed
with anyone.
Now...
If you'll excuse me...
I have some reading to do.
reporting for duty, sir.
Cadet Nog,
At ease, Cadet.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
Yes, sir.
I remember my sophomore year.
Field studies, Starbase 137.
I was a little apprehensive...
When I first got there,
to be one of the best
but it turned out
experiences
of my life.
Yes, sir.
Well.
Now, the key to field study
is simple.
Keep your eyes and ears open,
follow orders,
and try not to get in the way.
Yes, sir. Very good, sir.
I won't let you down.
I'd like to say, on
a personal note...
are going to be roommates.
I'm glad you and Jake
Yes, sir.
are going to have, uh...
I'm sure the two of you
A lot of fun together.
Yes, sir.
Time permitting, sir.
I mean, if I'm not too busy.
After all, I am here to work.
Don't worry, sir.
I'll look after him for you.
Set a good example.
Keep him out of trouble.
You inspire me with
confidence, Cadet.
Dismissed.
How'd it go?
I inspire him.
Congratulations.
Now don't let him down.
You can count on me, sir.
( sighing )
Lights!
( laughing )
So, what do you think?
and gone to the Divine Treasury.
I think I've died
After living in cadet barracks
this is going to be paradise.
for the past year,
Yeah, I know what you mean.
We're on our own now.
No one to tell us what to do.
Well, before we unpack,
we should call maintenance
to clean this place.
They were here yesterday.
something done right,
Well, if you want
you have to do it yourself.
on the odd-numbered days.
I'll do the clean
And you'll do it
on the even ones.
We're going to clean every day?
No, just the odd and even ones.
Look, I'd better start
bringing in my things.
I don't want to be up
too late unpacking.
So what do you want
to do tonight?
Dom-jot? Holosuites?
but once we eat and unpack,
I wish I could,
it'll be time for bed.
Lights out at 2200.
I haven't gone to bed that early
since I was 12.
Go to sleep whenever you want,
but don't forget,
we're hitting the gym at 0430.
The gym?
Muscles, Jake.
You know, those things
that are supposed to go
between your bones
and your skin?
Yeah, I've heard of them.
done with you you'll have some
Good. 'Cause by the time I'm
of your very own.
( chuckling )
( sighing )
( sighs )
You're doing it again.
Doing what?
Smacking your lips.
No, I'm not.
Don't you hear that?
There.
I've heard for the past
The only thing
four days
is you complaining.
This whole runabout is alive
with annoying little noises.
Listen.
To what?
That buzzing noise.
I don't hear a thing.
It started over an hour ago.
in here, why don't you go into
If you don't like the noises
the back?
back there than it is up here.
Because it's even colder
Quark, leave the temperature
controls alone.
I will, when I get it right.
There it is again.
What?
That buzzing noise.
Don't you hear it?
With all this lip smacking,
how could I hear anything?
Where's it coming from?
Inside your head.
QUARK: Shhh...
Bzzz...
I said be quiet!
( smacking lips )
( chuckling )
It's coming from here.
ODO: It's probably a defective
anodyne circuit.
Defective anodyne circuits
make a hissing sound.
We'd better open up this hatch.
This is a buzz.
convoluted plot to escape--
If this is some sort of
Stop being so suspicious.
-( buzzing )
-That's odd.
The buzzing's changed pitch.
It's gotten louder, too.
I can hear it now.
What could it be?
Let's find out.
Don't tell me.
Let me guess.
It's a bomb.
QUARK: Next time I tell you
I hear something, maybe you'll
listen. Let's hope there is a
next time.
I'm going to get a transporter
lock on this thing and beam it
out of here.
if someone tries to transport
What if it's set to go off
it?
we wait for it to explode?
What do you suggest,
Fine. Beam it out
but at least try and channel
the explosion through the
transporter buffer.
I hope this works.
( screaming )
( alarm blaring )
We did it!
We're safe.
so sure about that
I wouldn't be
( groaning ) Com system's down.
Navigational array's failing.
Environmental controls
are badly damaged.
-Oh. We're losing atmosphere.
-What now?
Now we find someplace to land.
Land? You mean crash.
It's either that or wait
for our lungs to explode
in the vacuum of space.
planet on long-range scanners.
Ah! I'm picking up a Class-L
Barely habitable.
thing's going to be in a few
More habitable than this
minutes.
-Close enough...
-How close?
I hope.
whoever planted that bomb is
If we live through this,
going to regret it.
Believe me, you don't want to
get anywhere near the Orion
Syndicate.
The Orion Syndicate? Is that who
the Grand Jury's investigating?
I thought you knew.
If I knew you were involved
in the Orion Syndicate,
you'd be on the Defiant
right now
surrounded by half my deputies.
You pretended to know
more than you did
Let me guess.
so I'd think I had nothing to
hide and say something to
incriminate myself.
-This is all your fault.
-Something like that.
You're the one who's a member
of the Orion Syndicate.
I'm not a member.
I just know people who know
people who know some other
people, and besides...
( grunting )
( screaming )
Someone adjust the temperature.
It's freezing in here.
Actually... it's freezing
out there.
Out there?
Uh... yeah.
Now I remember. You
were apologizing
for almost getting
us both killed.
Huh! If that's how
you remember it,
harder than I thought you did.
you must've hit your head
I guess there's nothing we can
do now except send out a
distress signal
and wait to be rescued.
Good plan, except we lost the
com system in the explosion.
That's not good.
The replicator's been destroyed.
Gets worse.
the local plants are poisonous.
From what I can tell,
Then I guess we're stuck
with field rations.
That's right, one
package for you
one package for me.
The rest...
I know, I know.
the explosion.
Destroyed in
So now what?
Now we either freeze to death
or starve to death.
Take your pick.
( deep sigh )
It's about time you woke up.
I thought you were going
to sleep all day.
before you start your workout.
You should stretch a little
I think I'll pass this morning.
You pass every morning.
You can work out for
the both of us.
You don't know what you're
missing. A healthy body,
a healthy mind.
Please, Nog, no clichés
before breakfast.
Orange juice, extra large.
A healthy way to start the day.
A writer and a poet.
What's this?
"Past Prologue."
What's it doing here?
I was cleaning up.
I found it while
Really, Jake, is it that hard
to keep this place clean?
You read my story?
What'd you think?
"Disposal" is spelled
with an "I."
That's all you have to say?
That's it?
I didn't really read
it for content.
I mostly corrected your spelling
and grammar.
You changed my words?
Just a few.
some punctuation there.
A preposition here,
words without his permission.
You can't change a writer's
That's sacrilege!
All right.
Next time, I'll let you
make the changes.
There won't be a next time.
my stories lying around here,
From now on, if you see
Don't even touch them.
don't read them.
Just leave them right
where they are.
No problem.
when you're not working on them.
Just put them away
calls. Remember, start with the
Time to hit the shower. Duty
lighter weights,
and work your way up.
( thumping )
Quark, what are you
doing back there?
( thumping continues )
( disgusted groan )
You need any help?
You want to help? Here.
to be repairing the subspace
I thought you were supposed
transmitter.
I was.
What's it doing out here?
The signal booster's completely
shot, which means there's no
way we can transmit
through a planetary atmosphere.
a distress signal
I see.
So you tore it out of the wall
in frustration.
Actually, I came up with a way
to save our lives.
Mm-hmm.
All we have to do is haul this
transmitter to higher ground.
More altitude, less atmosphere.
and we might be able to get
Go high enough,
a signal out.
And how much higher
do we have to go?
Uh... carry the seven
take the square root
times pi...
I'd say, uh...
That high.
I'm ready when you are.
Where'd you find that?
In the back. It's pretty cozy.
Great. Then I won't need this.
( shuddering )
I'll just get a suit for myself.
We can be on our way.
This is the only one
Don't bother.
that wasn't destroyed
in the explosion.
survival suit and you're going
You mean, there's only one
to wear it?
Finders keepers.
transmitter up the mountain
Besides, carrying this
should keep you warm.
( groaning )
ODO: Here we go.
when the sun is shining?
How can it be so cold
and this isn't much of a planet.
It isn't much of a sun
And you've got a lot of nerve
complaining about being cold
when you're the one
wearing the jacket.
Well, you agreed to take turns.
Under duress.
Oh, I hate this.
If I was still a changeling,
I could've shape-shifted
into a Vorian pterodactyl
and flown that damn transmitter
to the top of the mountain
hours ago.
You're the one who wanted
to be a solid.
I never wanted to be a solid.
Oh, please.
coming into the bar, watching
I used to see you
Morn eat...
eying my customers
as they gambled and flirted
with the dabo girls
wishing you were one of them.
Not to mention
with a certain Bajoran Major.
your platonic friendship
( chuckles )
of psychological insight
If that's the kind
you dispense with your drinks,
it's a wonder you have
any customers.
Deny it all you want,
but the fact is, your people
gave you what you wanted.
You're one of us now,
and I can finally sit on a chair
certainty that it isn't you.
and know with absolute
( yelling )
Quark! Quark!
What?
Uh... if you've damaged
that transmitter...
I'm fine, thank you very much,
and so is the transmitter.
Here, let me help you up.
No, thanks.
I think I'll just lay here
and freeze to death.
you've made your point.
All right, all right,
I'll carry the transmitter
for a while.
And I get to wear the jacket.
But I get the trousers.
You did a good job today, Nog.
of mechanical engineering.
You've an excellent grasp
talent for figures, sir.
Ferengis have a natural
So what's your posting tomorrow?
Cargo Bay 6, customs inspection.
Ah, well, that could
be interesting.
If you're planning on being
a customs inspector.
Hey, Nog.
Not again.
When I left this morning,
this place was spotless.
Yeah, that was nine hours ago.
You can't keep our quarters
clean for one day?
sometimes, living is messy.
A man's got to live and
But it doesn't have
to stay messy!
I'm going to the Replimat
to get something to eat.
I expect to see this place
And when I come back,
straightened up.
I'm working on a story
right now.
I'll do it in the morning.
It's computerized dom-jot!
This isn't a story.
Sometimes, when I get stuck,
I play dom-jot.
It clears my mind.
Well, while you're at it,
how about clearing a path
to the bedroom?
I told you, I'm busy.
Jake, this isn't what
we agreed to.
We didn't agree to anything.
ever since you moved in here.
You've been shouting orders
I'm not in Starfleet.
You wouldn't last a day
Lucky for you.
at the Academy.
You're right.
I'd die of embarrassment
wearing those pajamas.
You know, I don't have to take
that from an undisciplined jerk
like you.
Enjoy your dom-jot.
Where are you going?
Anywhere but here!
I'll get my things
in the morning.
I'll pack them for you.
Don't bother.
if your life depended on it.
You couldn't fold a shirt
What's that over there?
It's just another stone.
I can't believe it.
I've been walking for three
days and I haven't seen
a single beetle.
go for a beetle right now...
I could really
Any kind of beetle
as it had a little meat on it.
just as long
-There are no beetles, Quark.
-A nice slug would do.
There are no slugs, either.
No slugs, no beetles,
no worms, no snails.
Nothing but rocks and trees,
and we can't eat any of it.
If I collapse from hunger,
you've got to carry me
and the transmitter.
You are not going to collapse.
We're almost to the tree line.
After that, we've only got a few
more hours of climbing left
before we can set up
the transmitter.
A few hours? You
mean like three?
Uh. More like six.
I could do six.
Seven might be pushing it,
but six I could do.
Come on.
It's more like six days.
Forget about six hours.
Ten thousand seven hundred
and fifty one... 10,752...
Quark...
Ten thousand seven hundred
and fifty three...
Quark!
we're going. Every step down
I just want to know how far
means an extra step up.
I don't want to hear it anymore.
Fine. Then count to yourself.
It's hard keeping track.
Fine. Don't talk to me.
By the time the Grand Jury
gets through with you,
you'll be counting years
instead of steps.
to make all this worthwhile?
You know what's going
What?
The look on your face
when they let me go.
I don't think so.
Ha! Let you go?
And you call yourself
a detective.
The Orion Syndicate
tried to kill me.
They never kill their own.
They don't need to.
Any one of them would take
their own life
against the Syndicate.
before testifying
Don't you get it?
I'm not a suspect.
I'm a witness.
Now you made me
lose count.
Ten thousand seven hundred
and eighty five.
Thank you.
Now, let me get this straight.
You were never a member
of the Orion Syndicate?
But you must have tried to join.
I hate to disappoint you.
I don't want to talk about it.
Ah...
( chuckling )
Now, if I remember correctly
has a membership fee,
the Orion Syndicate
quite a substantial one,
and the Ferengi Commerce
Authority did seize
all your assets.
( laughs )
Oh, it's even worse than that,
afford to join, could you?
isn't it? You never could
All those years of scheming
and lying and cheating
and you're still too small-time
for the Orions.
( laughs ) Well...
as successful a businessman
I guess you're not
as you think you are.
the last ten years of your life
Which means you spent
trying to catch a nobody.
With little success,
I might add.
So you tell me, which one of
us is the bigger failure?
and eighty eight... 10,789...
Ten thousand seven hundred
and ninety, 10,791...
( frustrated grunt )
Snail juice, extra shells.
Make it a double.
Captain, may I join you?
Be my guest.
I wanted to ask you... about
Nog. You know, my son?
I think I've met him.
Have you noticed anything...
strange about him lately?
He seems fine to me.
He's just more dedicated
than when he left.
I've noticed.
will do that to people.
A year at the Academy
You think it's the Academy?
What else could it be?
I was afraid he might
be the changeling.
So, while he was asleep,
I drew some blood
just to make sure.
It's been eight hours.
So far, so good.
Rom, he's still your son.
He's just taking his duties
very seriously, that's all.
Nog's moved back in
with me, you know.
It's horrible.
He put me on report
the other day.
Said my tool kit was untidy.
That's the exact word
he used... untidy.
SISKO: Oh, I wouldn't
worry about it.
through a phase, that's all.
He's just going
with Jake would relax him.
I was hoping living
through a phase of his own.
I'm afraid Jake's going
what's so difficult
I don't know
about putting a dirty dish
back into the replicator.
a slovenly, undisciplined,
unfocused... writer.
Nog says Jake is
Not an unfair assessment.
You know, I sometimes wish
of Nog's self-discipline.
Jake had a little more
And I wish Nog had Jake's
ability to enjoy himself.
Those two could learn a lot
from each other.
If we could only get them
in the same room.
( groaning )
( shuddering )
Quark, wake up.
We've got a mountain
to climb.
Quark.
Quark?
Wake up.
Wake, wake, Quark!
Stop hitting me!
I thought you were dead.
opportunity to vent years
of hostility towards me?
And you saw that as an
Towards me...
towards... me... hostility...
What's wrong?
What?
-I said what's the matter.
-I'm deaf.
I'm deaf in my right ear.
I can't hear anything.
Hello. Hello. Hello... hello.
Hello. Hello? Hello?
Would you stop doing that?
A one-eared Ferengi is only
You don't understand.
half a man.
We got to get out of here.
My body's shutting down.
There's not enough to eat.
It's too cold.
-I'm dying! We both are!
-We're not dying!
Here, here. You can have
the rest of my rations.
These aren't rations.
These are crumbs.
You can't climb a mountain
on crumbs.
Fine. I'll go by myself.
You're going to leave me?
What do you want me to do?
Stay here and trade insults
until we both starve to death?
I'd rather take my chances
on the mountain.
Whose turn is it to carry
the transmitter?
Yours.
Figures.
Figures?
I hate this transmitter,
and I hate this mountain
I hate the Orion Syndicate
and most of all,
for stranding us here.
who's really to blame.
I think we both know
Don't try and blame this
on me, Constable.
It was your job to get me
to Inferna Prime safely.
But you never told me
the Orion Syndicate
was after you.
You never asked.
If I had, would you have
or would you have lied
told me the truth
like you... lie about
everything?
Have I ever told you how much
I hate that smug, superior
attitude of yours?
Have I ever told you how much
I hate your endless whining,
your pathetic greed
your idiotic little schemes?
-What do you hate?
-Well, I hate...
You.
Well, that's fine with me
because I hate you, too.
but a petty thief.
You're nothing
You're an arrogant prude.
Lecher!
Freak.
Fraud!
Fascist!
Failure!
Oh...
Fascist!
Failure!
Fascist! Fascist!
( both screaming )
( groans )
Quark?
What?
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
( gasping )
I'm not.
My leg is broken.
That should hold it together.
Now... we just have
to get you on it.
Stop looking at the leg.
You'll pass out again.
Not looking at it doesn't help.
I still know it's there.
struggling to stay conscious.
I'm the one who should be
who's in excruciating pain.
( panting ) I'm the one
this is probably going to hurt.
Speaking of pain,
( groaning )
Oh... Quark...
there's no way you're going
to be able to drag me
up that mountain.
Just watch me.
Stop trying to be a hero!
You'll get to the top faster
if you leave me behind.
I'm not trying to rescue you.
Don't you get it?
I'm taking you along
as emergency rations.
If you die, I'm going
to eat you.
You're joking.
Waste not... want not.
Comfortable?
Not really.
Join the club.
( groans )
( groaning )
( whispers ) Higher.
Hold on, Odo!
Hold on.
( grunting )
Hold on!
( cries out )
( grunts )
( panting )
Quark.
It's over.
What do you mean, it's over?
I can't move.
We'll have to set up
the transmitter here.
We're not high enough.
You have to... leave me here
and go on by yourself.
Don't you understand?
I can't do it.
I'm half frozen.
I haven't eaten for days.
My muscles won't work anymore!
Odo?
Well, say something.
What is there to say?
If we stay here... we're dead.
I can't go any further.
do you think he'd give up?
If Sisko were here,
Or Worf, or Dax?
They're not here.
That's right.
It's just us.
( straining grunts )
Give me the transmitter!
What for?
Just... give it to me.
What are you doing?
( grunting )
What does it look like?
You'll never make it.
Maybe not.
You're trying to embarrass me,
aren't you?
You're trying to shame me
into carrying that thing
the rest of the way on my own.
Well, it's not going to work.
inevitable and die with dignity.
You might as well accept the
That's what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to
lie here and die!
( grunting )
My brother will get the bar.
My nephew will be completely
corrupted by the Federation
a Starfleet Captain...
and become
And my bones...
Will lie here and freeze...
Unsold and unmourned.
Try not to break your other leg
while I'm gone.
I'll do my best.
( groans )
Good luck.
( door chimes )
Come in.
Dad.
I thought you were going
to call first.
Well, we've got a problem.
Yeah, well.
Well, what's wrong?
According to station
regulations
these quarters require
two occupants or more.
I'm afraid you're going
to have to move out.
Smaller quarters. All
right, if I have to.
Well, that's the problem.
There are no smaller
quarters available.
So, where do I go?
I guess back home with me.
( laughing ) You're kidding.
Well, unless we can find you
another roommate.
Cadet!
( door opens, closes )
Sir, I really must protest.
that privilege, neither do you.
Cadets don't have
Now...
are very different people,
I know the two of you
but you're still friends,
and somehow, some way,
you'll make this work.
I don't know.
Neither do I.
Well, I do and I'm your Captain
and I'm your father.
And what I say goes.
Good day, gentlemen.
Well... place hasn't
changed much, has it?
I guess not.
to start cleaning again?
Are you going
No. I've got to study.
Good, because it'll take a long
time to clean up this pig sty.
It's not that bad.
It's bad.
( laughing ) Yeah.
( chuckling )
You want to go to the gym?
Healthy body, healthy mind.
I have a better idea.
How about a game of dom-jot?
I'll let you break.
You're on.
( groaning )
Quark!
Begin recording.
Chief of Security's
Log, final entry.
It looks like Quark didn't make
it. Can't say I'm surprised.
You'll find his body
farther up the slope.
No doubt he'd want to vacuum
desiccate his remains
and auction them off.
Not that they're worth... much.
As for myself...
stick my ashes in my bucket,
cremate me,
and shoot me through
the wormhole.
end up where I began.
I might as well
Or better yet...
Bashir to Infirmary.
of polynutrient solution.
Prepare an IV drip
-I'm alive.
-Aye, sir.
to see you stay that way.
Yes. I'm going
Quark?
on top of the mountain
WORF: We found him
a subspace transmitter.
slumped over
You mean he made it?
we never would have found you.
If it wasn't for his signal
-I was afraid you'd say that.
-Looks like he saved
both of your lives.
Odo.
Odo! You awake?
I am now.
We survived.
We did.
I bet you were surprised.
all the way to the top.
I actually made it
Astounded.
You remember back there...
when I told you I hated you
and you told me you hated me?
Vividly.
I just wanted you
to know...
I meant every word of it.
So did I.
( laughs )
( both laughing )